Guinny's Adventure % I remember a game from my childhood about a little pink thing that goes around eating veggies. I would like to buy it for my kids who got a guinea pig recently.
Mansionvania % I am looking for a platformer game with some supernatural themes sprinkled in. Something real spooky y'know?
Metro Droid % My kid wants a game where you play as a bounty hunter and kill aliens and pirates in space. He said the genre is shooter game? That sounds violent but he's been asking for it as a birthday present.
Micro Man % My brother is looking for a game about a dude who kills a scientist and his pet vacuum cleaners...you know something about this? Apparently it is a game that came out in the late 80s if that helps...
Jonic the Porcupine % I am looking for a game with a super fast blue guy that goes in circles and collects coins or something like that.
Secret of Baboon Island % My child has been looking for a point-and-click game with puzzles about pirates. She said it's not related to Pirates of the Mediterranean.
Guinny's Adventure % I want a game that can teach my parents the dangers of making me eat vegetables. Can you help plz?
The Elfboy of Legend % I want a game with a classic story of the hero rescuing a princess! I've played through all the Super Guinny games so please don't suggest one of those.
Grave Robber % I've played all of the Unmapped games and I would love to play something similar to that series. Give me survival, exploration, and ancient ruins!
Super Guinney 54 % I recently found my old Jintendo 54 and would love to play some games on it with my sister. I remember a game where the hero saves the princess. I remember you could jump through the paintings like portals or something like that...
Jonic Drifting % My sibling loves racing games, but I like games like Jonic the Porcupine, is there any game that mixes both of our favorite worlds? Please let me know!!!
Grand Tourism % It will soon be my grandson's birthday, but he is too young to drive, so I decided to get him a car game as the next best thing. I know there are multiple games that have the little guys shooting and running around, but do you have one with cars like the real world?
Crush Group Racing % My child loves the games where it looks like an opossim(?) is traveling through a jungle or something like that. Anyways, they mentioned they were missing the racing game of this franchise and I was wondering if you had any idea of what it could be?
Super Guinney Kart % We would love to get a racing game for our little one. Unfortunately our child is not a fan of Jonic the Porcupine (they cried at the sight), so we're trying to seek an alternative with a maybe...cuter animal if that's available?
Boom % Hey, I feel like it might've been a fever dream but I remember this AMAZING shooter game coming out. It was so bloody and violent, but my parents won't let me play it. Please tell me you have this game, or at least point me in the direction to find it.
Alien Shooter % Give me one of the OGs. You know, one of those arcade games that just boomed the whole industry. Bonus points if it's in space.
Silvereye 008 % I'm a real movie head, you got any games that are based off any movies?
Bob Bombem % Give me bombs, give me guns, give me evil robots who are helping take over the world!
